# (FEND) Project 6: Restaurant Reviews App
*by **Thounda Craig***

# Project Overview

The goal for the  **Restaurant Reviews**  projects was to demonstrate understanding regarding Responsive design, service workers to cache the content and accessibility.

## Specifications

The project was evaluated by a Udacity code reviewer according to the Restaurant Reviews project rubric. Students had to review the project rubric for detailed project requirements. The rubric provided all the resources to which I had to refer to, periodically, to make sure the project / code met specifications.

## Server Implementation

To view the site, there are many options to choose from, but for live development/testing/editing purposes, I chose not to implement the Python server, but instead opted to use a package in atom - [atom-live-server package](https://atom.io/packages/atom-live-server).  Which gave me an address of 127.0.0.1:3000. ***This can easily be changed in the dbhelper.js file to whatever address and port your server lives on.***

If you opt to start up a simple HTTP server to serve up the site files on your local computer. Python has some simple tools to do this, and you don't even need to know Python. For most people, it's already installed on your computer.

In a terminal, check the version of Python you have: `python -V`. If you have Python 2.x, spin up the server with `python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8000` (or some other port, if port 8000 is already in use.) For Python 3.x, you can use `python3 -m http.server 8000`. If you don't have Python installed, navigate to Python's [website](https://www.python.org/) to download and install the software.

Once you have this setup and you have changed the address in the dbhelper.js file, then with your server running, visit the site: `http://localhost:8000`.

## Project Requirements

 - **Make the provided site fully responsive.**  All of the page elements should be usable and visible in any viewport, including desktop, tablet, and mobile displays. Images shouldn't overlap, and page elements should wrap when the viewport is too small to display them side by side.

***Steps to complete this task included:***

# Get Started

##For Users
- This is a website where you can search for your favourite restaurant. You can filter your search by location or cuisine type.
- Use the dropdown lists to filter your result (on the main page).
- See the updated map when you change your selection.
- You can see the details of the restaurants by clicking in the "View details of..." link.
- The restaurant's details include some reviews, the address and the opening hours.

## Script Setup

 1.  Fork and clone the  [starter repository](https://github.com/udacity/mws-restaurant-stage-1). The code in the repository served as my baseline to begin development.
2.  If using MAPBOX, secure a  [MapBox API key](https://www.mapbox.com/install/). Then replace the text  `<your MAPBOX API KEY HERE>`inside of then  `main.js` and `restaurant_info.js`  with your api key. MapBox API was free to use, without providing any payment information up to (around 75,000 hits to their system).
3.  Convert the provided site to use a responsive design.
    -  Bootstrap and other CSS frameworks should not be used; all responsiveness should be done with, raw, CSS.
    - Use appropriate document type declaration and viewport tags
    -  Create a responsive grid-based layout using CSS
    -  Use media queries that provide fluid breakpoints across different screen sizes
    -  Use responsive images that adjust for the dimensions and resolution of any mobile device

 - **Make the site accessible.**  Using what you've learned about web accessibility, ensure that  `alt`  attributes are present and descriptive for images. Add screen-reader-only attributes when appropriate to add useful supplementary text. Use semantic markup where possible, and aria attributes when semantic markup is not feasible.

***Step for this task:***
- Implement accessibility features in the site HTML (most of this HTML is generated by JavaScript functions).

For the final task: make the app offline first.

 - **Cache the static site for offline use.**  Using Cache API and a ServiceWorker, cache the data for the website so that any page  (including images) that has been visited is accessible offline.

***Step to complete this task:***
1.  Add a ServiceWorker script to cache requests to all of the site’s assets so that any page that has been visited by a user will be accessible when the user is offline. Only caching needs to be implemented, no other ServiceWorker features.

 For this particular section, utilize the previous lessons / notes taken during the service worker module, but also review   **Google's** *[Service Workers: an Introduction](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/primers/service-workers/)* as a primer.
